# OpenCAEPoro

OpenCAEPoro is part of the OpenCAEPlus project written in C++. It focuses on 
multicomponent multiphase flow simulation in porous media. For more info, 
please see [OCP repository](https://faspdevteam.github.io/OpenCAEPoro/).

## Install
There is a top level cmake configuration file to build the OpenCAEPoro lib 
and the associate test programs suite. You can use a cmake-style approach to 
compile the package; see [the official webpage](https://cmake.org) on how to
use cmake for your own operating system. 

Before building OpenCAEPoro, you need to make sure that BLAS, LAPACK, and FASP
are available. BLAS and LAPACK are ready on most systems. FASP (only [faspsolver](https://github.com/FaspDevTeam/faspsolver) 
is required) can be downloaded from its GitHub repository.

The typical command for compiling OpenCAEPoro is:

Config the environment for building with cmake:
```bash
  >>> mkdir Build; cd Build; cmake ..
```

After succesfully configing, just make the library as well as examples:
```bash
  >>> make
```

To make the library and install it, run:
```bash
  >>> make install
```

## Structure
The directory structure of OpenCAEPoro is designed as follows:
  - data: Input files for test examples
  - docs: Html files automatically generated by Doxygen
  - include: Header files
  - src: Source files
  - main: Main source code 
  - manual: User manual and design considerations
  - CMakelist.txt: Main cmake script
  - LICENSE: LGPL license agreement
  - README.md: This document

## License
This software is free software distributed under the Lesser General Public
License or LGPL, version 3.0 or any later versions. This software distributed
in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even
the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
See the GNU Lesser General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public License
along with OpenCAEPoro. If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
